Record store version information such as commit hash or bundle ID in audit log entries (#3094)
cerbos/cerbos: .changelog/20260409_1655.txt

type:enhancement

> Add current bundle ID for hub and commit hash for git stores to policy source information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Record store version information such as commit hash or bundle ID in audit log entries.
```
